Where are we going as per the agreement you insisted on?
The newlyweds are to cohabitate after the wedding
So attending the ceremony was just the first step Corin Vanessa had this all planned out. They want to kick me out of my own home
Right over here
Miss screen your room is actually on the second floor. Let me help you. No need
You can carry your own things you're not a vacation Cora starting tomorrow
You'll tend to all of my needs you're no longer the green heiress in this house
You're nothing more than I made
Why should I listen to you?
The complete marriage agreement a violation penalty of five million you and your mother were so eager for this marriage
Did you not even read the contract before you signed it?
Seriously Cora, how many goddamn contracts have you signed?